Add support for BlockBundle 4 (#375)
sonata-project/SonataTranslationBundle: UPGRADE-2.x.md

UPGRADE 2.x
===========

> ### Upgrade to SonataBlockBundle 4.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Added support for sonata-project/block-bundle ^4.0
```

> Added compatibility with SonataBlockBundle 4.0. If you are using `sonata-project/block-bundle`, make sure you have
> explicitly declared the dependency with this package on your composer.json in order to avoid unwanted upgrades.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using `sonata-project/block-bundle`, you MUST declare explicitly the dependency with this package on your `composer.json` in order to avoid unwanted upgrades.
```

> There is a minimal BC Break on `LocaleSwitcherBlockService`. If you are extending this class (keep in mind that
> it will become final on 4.0) you should add return type hints to `execute()` and `configureSettings()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is a minimal BC break on `LocaleSwitcherBlockService`. If you are extending this class (keep in mind that
it's marked as final and cannot be extended on 4.0) you should add return type declarations to `execute()` and `configureSettings()`.
```
[Ref](https://www.php.net/manual/en/functions.returning-values.php#functions.returning-values.type-declaration) for "hints" => "declarations".
